Add Snaplet data generation to docs. (#16293)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/cli/seeding-your-database.mdx

```sql supabase/seed.sql
COPY countries (name, code) FROM 'seed/countries.csv' WITH (FORMAT csv);
```
\*/}

## Generating seed data

You can generate seed data for local development using [Snaplet](https://www.snaplet.dev/).

Let's generate some seed data for a typical blog application, with the following schema:

![An example schema](/docs/img/guides/cli/snaplet-example-schema.png)

We can use the Snaplet configuration file to define the values you want to generate. For example

* A `Post` with the title `"There is a lot of snow around here!"`
* The `Post.createdBy` user with an email address ending in `"@acme.org"`

> * Three `Post.comments` from three different users.
> ```ts snaplet.config.ts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Three `Post.comments` from three different users.

```ts snaplet.config.ts
```

```sql supabase/seed.sql
COPY countries (name, code) FROM 'seed/countries.csv' WITH (FORMAT csv);
```
\*/}

## Generating seed data

You can generate seed data for local development using [Snaplet](https://www.snaplet.dev/).

Let's generate some seed data for a typical blog application, with the following schema:

![An example schema](/docs/img/guides/cli/snaplet-example-schema.png)

> 
> {/*
> ```sql schema.sql
> 
> create table "User" (
>   id bigint not null primary key,
>   email text not null,
>   name text
> );
> 
> create table "Comment" (
>   id bigint not null primary key,
>   text text not null,
>   "userId" bigint references "User" (id),
>   "postId" bigint references "Post" (id)
> );
> 
> 
> create table "Post" (
>   id bigint not null primary key,
>   title text not null,
>   content text,
>   "createdBy" bigint references "User" (id)
> );
> ```
> \*/}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sql supabase/seed.sql
COPY countries (name, code) FROM 'seed/countries.csv' WITH (FORMAT csv);
```
\*/}

> ## Seed your database with Snaplet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating seed data
```

> Snaplet generates seed data from a database schema and a definition of the intended values. For instance if you wanted to seed a typical blog application, with the following schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate seed data for local development using [Snaplet](https://www.snaplet.dev/).

Let's generate some seed data for a typical blog application, with the following schema:
```

![An example schema](/docs/img/guides/cli/snaplet-example-schema.png)

{/*
```sql schema.sql

create table "User" (
  id bigint not null primary key,
  email text not null,
  name text
);

create table "Comment" (
  id bigint not null primary key,
  text text not null,
  "userId" bigint references "User" (id),
  "postId" bigint references "Post" (id)
);

create table "Post" (
  id bigint not null primary key,
  title text not null,
  content text,
  "createdBy" bigint references "User" (id)
);
```
\*/}

> And the intended values you want to generate:
>   * A `Post` with the title `"There is a lot of snow around here!"`
>   * The `Post.createdBy` user with an email address ending in `"@acme.org"`
>   * Three `Post.comments` from three different users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use the Snaplet configuration file to define the values you want to generate. For example

* A `Post` with the title `"There is a lot of snow around here!"`
* The `Post.createdBy` user with an email address ending in `"@acme.org"`
* Three `Post.comments` from three different users.
```

> 
> The definition of intended values would resemble:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```ts snaplet.config.ts
defineConfig({
   generate: {
      plan(snaplet) {
        return snaplet.Post({
          data: {
            title: "There is a lot of snow around here!"
            User: {
                data: {
                  email: copycat.email(seed, { domain: 'acme.org' })
                }
            },
            Comment: {
              count: 3,
            }
          }
        })
      }
   }
})
```

> Running `npx snaplet generate` would produce these SQL statements:

Reviewer 2: _Bikeshed_: Not sure if it matters enough to change, but its more that we're running these statements against the database than simply producing these statements (we're actually modify the database).

Author: We'll add a `--sql` flag to the command, it's just not in there at the moment.

> Running `npx snaplet generate` would produce these SQL statements:

Author: ```suggestion
Running `npx snaplet generate` would modify your database with these SQL statements:
```

> Running `npx snaplet generate` would modify your database with these SQL statements:

Author: ```suggestion
Running `npx snaplet generate` would modify your target database with these SQL statements:
```

> Running `npx snaplet generate --sql > seed.sql` would generate these SQL statements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `npx snaplet generate --sql > supabase/seed.sql` would generate these relevant SQL statements inside our `supabase/seed.sql` file:
```

> Running `npx snaplet generate` would modify your target database with these SQL statements:

Author: ```suggestion
Running `npx snaplet generate --sql > seed.sql` would generate these SQL statements:
```

```sql 
-- The `Post.createdBy` user with an email address ending in `"@acme.org"`
INSERT INTO "User" (name, email) VALUES ("John Snow", "snow@acme.org")

--- A `Post` with the title `"There is a lot of snow around here!"`
INSERT INTO "Post" (title, content, createdBy) VALUES (
  "There is a lot of snow around here!",
  "Lorem ipsum dolar", 
  1)

--- Three `Post.comments` from three different users.
INSERT INTO "User" (name, email) VALUES ("Stephanie Shadow", "shadow@domain.com")
INSERT INTO "Comment" (text, userId, postId) VALUES ("I love cheese", 2, 1)

INSERT INTO "User" (name, email) VALUES ("John Rambo", "rambo@trymore.dev")
INSERT INTO "Comment" (text, userId, postId) VALUES ("Lorem ipsum dolar sit", 3, 1)

INSERT INTO "User" (name, email) VALUES ("Steven Plank", "s@plank.org")
INSERT INTO "Comment" (text, userId, postId) VALUES ("Actually, that's not correct...", 4, 1)
```

> 
> A benefit of using Snaplet is that _so much_ of the resulting data has been contextually generated. A minimum definition of intention still results in a comprehensive set of data returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Three things that were automatically generated:

> - Three comments were requested, resulting in the `text` and three additional users.

Author: ```suggestion
- Three comments were requested, resulting in the generated comment `text`, and three additional users.
```

> Three things that were automatically generated:
> - Three comments were requested, resulting in the generated comment `text`, and three additional users.
> - The `content` of `Post` was generated
> - The `Post.createBy` user was requested, the `name` was generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For more information about how this works reference [Snaplet's documentation](https://docs.snaplet.dev/references/data-operations/generate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, check out Snaplet's ["generate" documentation](https://docs.snaplet.dev/references/data-operations/generate)
```
